Updates WF Duplicate (#2023)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-id-reuse-policy.md

A Workflow Id Reuse Policy determines whether a Workflow Execution is allowed to spawn with a particular Workflow Id, if that Workflow Id has been used with a previous, and now Closed, Workflow Execution.

It is not possible for a new Workflow Execution to spawn with the same Workflow Id as another Open Workflow Execution, regardless of the Workflow Id Reuse Policy.
In some cases, an attempt to spawn a Workflow Execution with a Workflow Id that is the same as the Id of a currently Open Workflow Execution results in a `Workflow execution already started` error.

:::note

> The default [StartWorkflowOptions](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk@v1.20.0/internal#StartWorkflowOptions) behavior in the Go SDK is to not return an error when a new Workflow Execution is spawned with the same Workflow ID as an open Workflow Execution. Instead, it will return a Workflow run instance representing the current or last run of the open Workflow Execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default [StartWorkflowOptions](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk/internal#StartWorkflowOptions) behavior in the Go SDK is to not return an error when a new Workflow Execution is attempted with the same Workflow ID as an open Workflow Execution. Instead, it will return a WorkflowRun instance representing the current or last run of the open Workflow Execution.
```

> The default [StartWorkflowOptions](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk@v1.20.0/internal#StartWorkflowOptions) behavior in the Go SDK is to not return an error when a new Workflow Execution is spawned with the same Workflow ID as an open Workflow Execution. Instead, it will return a Workflow run instance representing the current or last run of the open Workflow Execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default [StartWorkflowOptions](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk/internal#StartWorkflowOptions) behavior in the Go SDK is to not return an error when a new Workflow Execution is attempted with the same Workflow Id as an open Workflow Execution.
Instead, it returns a WorkflowRun instance representing the current or last run of the open Workflow Execution.
```
For simplicity, my changes include Loren's changes.
